"I want to add a language switch button to my platform, allowing users to toggle between Russian (primary language) and English. Here are the requirements:

1. Language Switch Button
Button Placement:

Place the language switch button in a prominent and intuitive location, such as:
The top-right corner of the page.
In the settings menu.
Functionality:

Default language: Russian.
When clicked, the button should toggle the language between Russian and English.
Save the user's selected language preference (e.g., in localStorage, cookies, or session storage), so the platform remembers the choice on the next visit.
2. Language Data Management
Centralized Translation Files:

Create two JSON files for translations:
ru.json for Russian.
en.json for English.
Example content:
json
Копировать
Редактировать
// ru.json
{
  "welcome_message": "Добро пожаловать!",
  "login": "Войти",
  "signup": "Регистрация"
}

// en.json
{
  "welcome_message": "Welcome!",
  "login": "Login",
  "signup": "Sign Up"
}
Dynamic Language Loading:

Load the appropriate language file based on the selected language.
Replace all text across the platform dynamically without refreshing the page.
3. Technical Implementation
Frontend Changes:

Use a state management approach (e.g., React Context API or Redux) to handle the selected language globally across the application.
Wrap the app or relevant components in a localization provider to ensure all text uses the selected language dynamically.
Backend Adjustments (if applicable):

If the platform serves content dynamically from the backend, include support for language-based responses.
4. Visual and UX Considerations
Button Design:

Use a simple toggle design (e.g., a button with "RU | EN" text).
Alternatively, display flags (🇷🇺 for Russian, 🇬🇧 for English) for a visual cue.
Seamless Transition:

Ensure switching the language updates text in real time without requiring a page reload.
5. Deliverables
A fully functional language switch button.
JSON files for both Russian and English translations.
Integration of the language toggle across the platform, ensuring all text changes dynamically.
User-selected language preference stored and remembered across sessions.
Please generate the necessary code for the frontend and provide placeholders for translation files in both languages."